This road is blocked
What is this?
We paid
It's not that I didn't pay
I'll say it again.
This mountain starts now
Not a single leaf is missing
Oops, if you don't take off this tea leaves
It will turn into old leaves in a few days
Can't make tea
It's none of our business.
I really can't, we'll give you more money.
That's okay, right?
It's not about the money at all.
It is you who enter the mountain every day
Earn so much
Li Xiaolin earns more
My brothers only earn a little bit of entrance fee
Does that sound like a word?
Like a word
Oops, that really doesn't work.
If it really doesn't work, I can only find Li Xiaolin to find a way
Stop using Li Xiaolin to scare me
I'll tell you what.
Aren't you afraid of me?
Xiaolin, are you at home?
Hey, sister-in-law, oops.
The Wang Decheng brothers blocked the entrance to the mountain
Don't let people into the mountains to pick tea
It's useless anyway
I can only come to you
Oops go
Go up oops
What do you want?
How about not wanting what?
I just don't want you to come into the mountains
You can hit me
You can also kill me
But as long as it doesn't kill me
I'll give you a fire in the evening
Oh, right.
Kill our brothers
These three songs are yours.